Offer Big Reward for
Arrest of Lynchers
Atlanta, Ga., July 27.- Fifteen
hundred dollars reward is offered
tor arrest and conviction of men-
bers of a mob that lynched Bery
Washington, a negro, 72 years old,
near Milan, May 26. Governor Dor
sey offered$ 1,000 and Dr. Floyd
McRae, an Atlanta physician, whose
family home is in the county in
which the old man was hanged to a
post and shot to death, added$ 500.
On the night of May 24, two white
men are alleged to have invaded the
negro section of Milan and threatened
occupants of several houses.
Washington, armed with a shotgun.
came out of his home, and shots
were exchanged. One of the white
men was killed and Washington sur-
rendered. Two nights later a mob
him from the jail and lynched
took him.
