BONES EXHUMED.
Those of Negro Lynched Thirty- Nine
Years Ago.
Bremond, Tex., July 18.- The Polish
Catholic people, in digging the founda-
tion for their new church, dug up the
bones of a man whom it appears was
where the
killed about the place
church is located.
It is remembered a white man was
found dead in 1869 about the place
indicated, and some days later a ne
gro came to the prairie hunting a
gray pony that was running here, and
found the pony and went hence. Some
weeks after a clew was obtained and
pointed to the negro as the murderer,
when later the negro was found in
Falls county and brought back to the
place where the man was killed and
hung to a post oak. He first admit
ted that he followed the man from
Owenville and killed him while noon
ing under a tree. He took his horse
and saddlebags and left his pony.
There were but few people here then.
The bones of the unknown have
buried again. been
